---
layout: post
title: Long Beach Tech Web & Application Professionals
---

Welcome to Long Beach Tech Web & Application Professionals sandbox on github.  We have meetups every month.  Join us!

# LBWP

This project is used to organize __Long Beach Web & Mobile Professionals__ meetup.  Check out [the announcement for this months meetup!](https://github.com/lbtech/lbwp-meetups/tree/master/LBWP/Announcements)

## Contact Info

Mike Stewart | [Media Done Right](http://www.MediaDoneRight.com/contact)

##  Call for Presentations

We want you to come share your awesome project with us.  If you are local to Long Beach, or will be in the area, and would like to present on a topic, please contact me.  We are interested in learning about everything cool that makes us think or makes us better at Web Development, (Web & Mobile) Application development, or Mobile development -- or ideally where these technologies converge.


## Call for Sponsors

We _totally_ get hungry and thirsty at these things.  Sometimes we even need a venue for a meetup.  If you're looking to **earn some Karma by picking-up a tab or providing space** for our meetup, _then you're totally our type of friend!_  As a group we'll  _Thank You_ and give you recognition. Maybe that means a company logo or message on a slide, or possibly we'll let you address the group?  But thats about it.  We're here to geek out not listen to some lame sales-pitch.  Sorry, we just felt it should be clear that we're looking for a fairly easy, No-Strings-Attached NSA type of thang.  _wink wink, nudge nudge._  Ok, the last part was meant to be funny, but the point is: Sponsors are awesome, we want 'em! But it should mostly be about your Karma and us getting free grub, not you buying an audience or pillaging our talent.  On the other hand, there's a possibilty it'll lead to us getting to know you more or (dare say it) **"liking you."**  But no promises, okay?
